The repository explains how to synchronize data from multiple physiological sensors. The two devices used in this project were shaken vigorously at the beginning and end of each study session. The high amplitude of the acceleration data is then matched and stretched individually. One more synchronization step was performed for the lab data to get the timestamps synchronized with the Psychopy platform. Since many participants forgot to shake the devices, a timestamp-based synchronization was performed for the wild data. The synchronization pipeline can be applied to any number of devices by following the shake detection protocol and using the code mentioned here. Details on the protocol can be found in the respective publication. Below is an explanation of how to use the code. Each flag below has to be set individually and one at a time.  
- **manual_peak_alignment_check**: as a first step, this flag has to be True. It plots the first ten minutes and last ten minutes of the data from both devices. Zoom in the plot to see the exact start and end of the shakes. Save the zoomed plot by readjusting the axis values inside the code. 
- **automated_joining_and_computation_of_offset**:  Define the start and end of the shakes while loading the data. It will save the stretched files from both devices. Adjust the parameters accordingly if the offset is too high and no shakes are detected.  
- **manual_joining_based_on_acceleration_peaks**: This part of the code synchronizes the data with the Psychopy platform. The sync_acceleration_peak_extractor.py file has to be adopted according to the position of the start and end peaks. 
- **simplest_wild_data_synchronization**: This part synchronizes the wild data based on timestamps from both devices.
- **timestamp_based_synchronization_for_special_lab_cases**: this shows exceptional cases where lab data synchronization peaks are insignificant. 
